[thumping dance music]
[distorted voices]
[man] Ooh!
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay...
Ooh!
[coughing]
[distant voices]
[man] Ay, ay, ay, ay,
Uh, hello?
Where...
What is this here?
[Monika groans]
[man groaning]
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay...
♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ I'm gonna shine on you
♪ I'm gonna shine on you again! ♪
[cheering]
[audience] Encore! Encore! Encore!
Encore! Encore!
- I love you!
- I love you guys!
It's for your own safety.
- Look at me now. Hey, trust me.
I love you! I'll be back!
[woman on TV] Okay, guys, I need to
Look, Mom, I've got something.
Hmm?
Somebody's doing a livestream
Oh! Show me.
- Wanna watch it together?
[woman on TV] Others might not be
[man] Make sure you file
Oh...
Come on. Let's put it on the TV.
Crazy. That's pretty
I bet that he'll sing the song
[man] That guy's a failure!
[jeering and whistling]
[woman] You're an asshole!
[man] I want my money back!
[jeering and shouting continue]
[Mat] I'm all right.
One-two, one-two.
Taking it... Hoopla!
[woman] This is the biggest shit
[Mat] Yeah, cool!
Crazy! The dude is embarrassing!
What the hell, dude?
- [Mat babbles]
[Astrid stifles laugh]
[shouting continues]
- [David] Get him out!
- [jeering]
[Mat] I love you!
- I love you!
Mat, Mat! I'll take care of this!
Just stay calm. Come on, Mat...
Charlie!
Have you lost your mind?
You assholes trying
What kind of shit is he on?
- [David] Just a little.
Never again will I book you.
Now take your batshit friend
- Yeah, but we could...
I'm canceling our contract.
Count yourself lucky
You know what? Then again,
sue you both.
- The stars...
Mat!
[Mat laughs]
[door slams]
[Mat] Oh...
[Mat laughs]
Monika...
Where are you?
How long has she been gone?
Do you mean in human time?
I've already been
once even in the crowded
- Must've been hours already.
We probably have to accept the fact
Bruno isn't back yet either.
Also not a good sign.
[Fiona sighs]
What if it wasn't drugs after all?
Bruno and Monika could just be
That's it, I'm sure.
That's why it's taking so long.
[Jona] And Monika probably has
[in French accent] Non. Bruno seemed
But, Ophelia, is that
[in Australian accent]
but this avoidance, this delay
I'm just not capable of,
[groaning]
[man] Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay...
[anxious cries]
[loud groans]
[indistinct voices]
Excuse me. Where exactly are we?
[heavy breathing]
No...
[woman 1] Get lost!
Hey, excuse me.
[woman 2 screams and pants]
- Excuse me, this isn't the black hole?
- How long have you been here?
When the connection to my case
everything stopped and I've been
But why is everyone here so gray
'Cause this is the black hole!
[woman 2 screams]
But we are talking.
Yeah, something must be wrong.
A sign of something terrible.
Uh, that guy over there
Yeah, that's also an OCD.
He defied the distancing rule.
Drugs!
Psychosis!
[Monika] Isn't there anyone
There must be a case-by-case thing
Case-by-case decision?
If you break the rules,
here!
This is the black hole!
[woman 1] Get lost!
- [man] Listen...
I said, get lost!
[anxious cries]
[woman 1] Yes, you!
[Mat] Monika...
Where are you?
Monika...
[cell phone rings]
[he groans]
[David] Mat?
No, no!
- [David grunts]
What the fuck! David, give me
- No, let me talk to you.
Are you insane? Give it to me!
Give me my... David!
- Believe me, I'm sorry!
That man I got the drugs from,
I don't know, I don't take
Chemical drugs, I have absolutely
So?
Remember I gave you something
- Give me my phone!
[both panting]
Yeah, ecstasy.
Yeah, that's what I thought!
But it turned out to be
with the main ingredient acid.
[Mat] "I feel sorry
"Mat Benvenuti has been raped
"I don't even recognize him."
[audience shouting and jeering
[Mat] "Mat Benvenuti makes
[Mat on video] One-two, one-two,
Your fucking idiot gave me
Are you out of your fucking mind?
[Monika] Wait just a minute.
That was acid?
Tell me, are you completely crazy?
Haven't you understood
What the fuck?
Yeah, "what the fuck," is that
- Huh?
Huh? Yeah.
Wait.
Hmm...
Wait, am I hallucinating?
You're joking, right?
- Mat, Mat!
I didn't want to.
David... David said I had to do...
This moron gave you the drugs?
Mat!
No. No, no, no. But...
- Mat...
- Are you okay?
Don't try to distract me.
[David] "Side-effects of acid
"Long-term effects of acid consumption
hallucinations."
[breathing anxiously]
Mat!
I'm so sorry.
What?
Whoa!
Can you see the stars too?
- Oh...
Mat, don't you know what drugs do
Mat...
Okay, can you please stop? Mat!
Okay, can you please stop?
Mat!
- [Mat] M-Monika?
- Um... Hi.
This is, uh, David.
Um, I... I... I suppose it's,
- Mat's not doing so well.
He's running around
And I think he has... halluc...
[Fiona] But how did you get
I have no idea.
I just suddenly appeared
You mean you returned
You're a discrepancy.
Your case could not only hear you,
Your case gave you a name and then he
I really think that's enough,
It has to be said. Everything
Ophelia, I also think you're a bit mean.
No, it's pretty much true.
I have made exactly the same mistakes
- But you haven't made any...
I have to report it.
[Bruno] Glad to have you back
Now we have to make sure
[David] Mat, I'll fix this.
Shut up!
You're fired.
- What? No, Mat...
Don't do this to me.
You keep making one mess after another!
Seriously, it's enough.
It's your fault I lost everything.
No, no, no, my friend.
You behave like an absolute asshole,
- And you're always...
Stop the car!
- [Astrid] What?
Get out. I mean it!
- Okay...
- What, me?
- Come on, she started it.
That's not possible.
I don't give a fuck! Okay?
He gets out of this car, right now.
Move it!
Fuck this!
[sobs softly]
Monika?
[breathes heavily]
Where have you been?
That's a long story.
What are you doing here?
Long story.
I've screwed up.
No, believe me, it could be worse.
You were right, Monika.
I'm worthless and everyone
Susa...
Pippa...
[sniffs]
Elle.
[chuckles, sniffs]
I only have you now.
[breathes deeply]
I am so sorry.
Why?
I want to help you.
[sighs]
I'm scared.
I know.
Let's get up. We're not allowed
[sniffs] Seriously?
Yeah, it's verboten.
So fucking German!
And while we're at it, actually,
but this is an emergency.
I mean, they tossed you out, right?
I'm a worthless piece of shit.
Let's not get carried...
[horn blares]
What the... What are you doing?
You could have died, goddamn it!
[Mat sobs]
I don't know what's happening
That was so dumb.
That was really dumb.
Man!
[bird squawks]
Monika?
[Ophelia] They're sad,
I think I saw F32.2-2009/02.
- [all] Hermann?
Fiona and Ophelia have had
Apparently, only a severe depression
and anything less is
Right, so what is it
I might have seen him...
No, I'm positive I saw him
Monika?
Mat!
Get in, man.
- Astrid gave me a call.
- Hey, what's going on?
No, I haven't.
Hey, can you please
It's okay.
Come in.
Come.
Okay...
Go ahead. Come on.
Uh, okay, have a look.
With this tablet, you control
You can, uh...
You can control the door.
You can do the oven, the fridge.
You can do the heating.
You can do the cameras and you can
Look at this.
Oh, I love this.
You see that? [chuckles]
Although there are some pre-sets,
[beeping]
Um... Hey.
Uh... I need to get to the shop.
But in case there's anything
no matter what, give me a call,
I don't know who I am anymore.
[Hermann] Her case stepped out on to
and she held him back.
Attempted suicide with a moderate
[Anna-Belle] What happened then?
She literally embraced him.
Embraced?
This is a serious accusation.
Are you certain that, uh, she was
- It's easy to confuse the two.
Um, excuse me, I was just at a really
How much longer is this going
- Exactly what I mean.
Yeah, I'm Monika.
I was... a moderate depression.
And I'm... I'm... well, I...
I feel like, um, right now,
They have taken away my access code
my connection to Mat
Were you at least able
- No.
I will, um, operate the osmosis
until the case has been conclusively
But still you were able to
Why are there severe depressions?
I mean, what's the concept?
And suicide, what's the purpose?
I am Bruno.
Controller and a post-traumatic
I'm ashamed of myself
because I have abandoned
Oh, but you... you didn't
Uh...
If it hadn't been so much fun for me,
If I hadn't been so dumb,
- No.
No, right from the start,